Fix the `CodeGenerationFailed` notification code (#166)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

|Category
m|PERFORMANCE
|GQLSTATUS code
m|03N96
|Status description
a|info: failed code generation.

> The database was unable to generate code for the query. A stacktrace can be found in the debug.log. Cause: $msg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failed to generate code, falling back to interpreted $enginetype engine. A stacktrace can be found in the debug.log. Cause: $msg.
```
